<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title>Welcome!</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/document.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/procip.css" />
  </head>
  <body class="content" data-title="Welcome!">
    <div class="article-part article-title" id="_1_0">Welcome!</div>
    <div class="article-part article-richtext article-body">
      <p>This is a quickstart guide for you to learn about how to publishing a book.</p>
      <p>We'll be using a real-time colleabortive word processor and publishing as multi-format Git storage. You can distribute your book as: A website, paged website, PDF, print-on-demand, eBook, and more.</p>
      <p>As a bonus we'll throw in some of the latest enhanced publishing features from the world of open science to have create greater visiibility and resuse of your book.</p>
      <h2 id="H2087393">Features include</h2>
      <ul id="L58404751">
        <li>
          <p>Collaborative work space, invite designers, editors, proofers, reviews to work on the book.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Multi-format outputs.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Automatic layouts, so no time consuming tyoesetting.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Single-source publishing: Make an edit and distribute to all formats.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Citation manager.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Open-source software</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <h2 id="H7757657">What you will learn here:</h2>
      <ol id="L90418291">
        <li>
          <p>How to prepare your public Git repository for storing your book data.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>To setup your book's online collaborative word processor.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Invite your team to collaborate on writing online.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Publishing your book. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Adding enhanced publishing features to make transform your publication into a living book.</p>
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p />
    </div>
    <section class="fnlist" role="doc-endnotes" />
  </body>
</html>